# document-from-data

## Linux usage:
```
./spectrum-document.sh appointment-letter
./spectrum-document.sh experience-certificate
./spectrum-document.sh introduction-letter
./spectrum-document.sh offer-letter
./spectrum-document.sh release-letter
./spectrum-document.sh salary-certificate
./spectrum-document.sh salary-enhancement-letter
./spectrum-document.sh separation-letter
./spectrum-document.sh showcause-letter
./spectrum-document.sh transfer-letter
./spectrum-document.sh warning-letter

./sscl-document.sh issued-invoice

./celloscope-document.sh salary-enhancement-letter
```

## Windows usage:
```
spectrum-document.bat appointment-letter
spectrum-document.bat experience-certificate
spectrum-document.bat introduction-letter
spectrum-document.bat offer-letter
spectrum-document.bat release-letter
spectrum-document.bat salary-certificate
spectrum-document.bat salary-enhancement-letter
spectrum-document.bat separation-letter
spectrum-document.bat showcause-letter
spectrum-document.bat transfer-letter
spectrum-document.bat warning-letter

sscl-document.bat issued-invoice

celloscope-document.bat salary-enhancement-letter
```
